add page for using libraries without Amplify backend (#7724)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/start/connect-existing-aws-resources/index.mdx

import { getCustomStaticPath } from '@/utils/getCustomStaticPath';
import { Card } from '@aws-amplify/ui-react';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Connect to existing AWS resources',
  description: 'You can use Amplify client libraries to connect directly to your AWS resources without having to set up an Amplify backend.',
  platforms: [
    'android',
    'angular',
    'flutter',
    'javascript',
    'nextjs',
    'react',
    'react-native',
    'swift',
    'vue'
  ]
};

export const getStaticPaths = async () => {
  return getCustomStaticPath(meta.platforms);
};

export function getStaticProps(context) {
  return {
    props: {
      platform: context.params.platform,
      meta
    }
  };
}

Amplify client libraries provide you with the flexibility to directly connect your application to AWS resources, regardless of whether you choose to set up an Amplify backend environment or manually configure individual AWS services, such as AWS AppSync, Amazon Cognito, Amazon S3, and more.

> If you prefer not to use the Amplify backend, you can still benefit from the Amplify libraries by following the instructions provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configured AWS resources outside of an Amplify backend, you can still use the Amplify libraries to connect to them by following the instructions provided:
```

<Columns columns={2}>
<Card variation="outlined">
[Connect to Cognito](/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/use-existing-cognito-resources/)

> Connect to Cognito resources using Amplify APIs for Auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to Cognito resources using Amplify Auth's client library
```
